ReadMe.md, before:

# DataScience-QuickRef

This repository features a collection of Jupyter notebooks that serve as cheat sheets for popular Python libraries used in data science, including Numpy and Pandas. Each notebook provides a concise and practical reference to help users quickly understand and apply key functionalities of these libraries.

## Notebooks

### 1. Numpy Quick Reference
- **Description**: This notebook provides a quick reference to various [Numpy](https://numpy.org/) commands and functionalities.
- **File**: `Numpy_QuickRef.ipynb`

### 2. Pandas Quick Reference
- **Description**: This notebook offers a concise guide to using [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) for data manipulation and analysis.
- **File**: `Pandas_QuickRef.ipynb`

## Future Work
- **TensorFlow Quick Reference**: A notebook providing a quick reference to the basics of TensorFlow and its applications in machine learning and deep learning.

## Original Documentation

While these notebooks provide a quick reference, it's important to consult the official documentation for comprehensive information:

- [Numpy Documentation](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/)
- [Pandas Documentation](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/)

Referring to the original documentation will help you gain a deeper understanding of the libraries and stay updated with the latest features and best practices.

## Getting Started

To view and run these notebooks, you need to have Jupyter installed on your machine. Follow the instructions below to set up your environment.

### Prerequisites

- Python (preferably the latest version)
- Jupyter Notebook
- Numpy
- Pandas

### Installation

1. Clone this repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/bJabbari/DataScience-QuickRef
    ```
2. Navigate to the repository directory:
    ```bash
    cd DataScience-QuickRef
    ```
3. Install the required libraries:
    ```bash
    pip install numpy pandas jupyter
    ```
4. Start Jupyter Notebook:
    ```bash
    jupyter notebook
    ```
5. Open the notebook you want to explore from the Jupyter Notebook interface.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any examples or improvements, feel free to submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgements

- [Numpy](https://numpy.org/)
- [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/)

Commit message:

docs: Update README.md to include Apache Spark tutorials section with RDDs and upcoming DataFrames tutorial

ReadMe.md, after:

# DataScience-QuickRef

This repository features a collection of Jupyter notebooks that serve as cheat sheets for popular Python libraries used in data science, including Numpy and Pandas. Each notebook provides a concise and practical reference to help users quickly understand and apply key functionalities of these libraries.

## Notebooks

### 1. Numpy Quick Reference
- **Description**: This notebook provides a quick reference to various [Numpy](https://numpy.org/) commands and functionalities.
- **File**: [`Numpy_QuickRef.ipynb`](Numpy/Numpy_QuickRef.ipynb)

### 2. Pandas Quick Reference
- **Description**: This notebook offers a concise guide to using [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) for data manipulation and analysis.
- **File**: [`Pandas_QuickRef.ipynb`](Pandas/Pandas_QuickRef.ipynb)

### 3. Apache Spark Tutorials
- **Description**: This section will cover various tutorials on [Apache Spark](https://spark.apache.org/), including RDDs and DataFrames, to provide a comprehensive understanding of Spark's capabilities.

    - **3.1 Apache Spark RDDs**: 
        - **Description**: An introduction to Resilient Distributed Datasets (RDDs) with examples of how to use them for data processing.
        - **File**: [`PySpark/01 RDDs.ipynb`](PySpark/01%20RDD.ipynb)

    - **3.2 Apache Spark DataFrames**: *(Coming Soon)*
        - **Description**: A tutorial on Spark DataFrames, exploring their usage and advantages over RDDs.
        - **File**: *(Coming Soon)*


## Future Work
- **Apache Spark DataFrames**: A tutorial on Spark DataFrames, exploring their usage and advantages over RDDs. *(Coming Soon)*
- **TensorFlow Quick Reference**: A notebook providing a quick reference to the basics of TensorFlow and its applications in machine learning and deep learning.

## Original Documentation

While these notebooks provide a quick reference, it's important to consult the official documentation for comprehensive information:

- [Numpy Documentation](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/)
- [Pandas Documentation](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/)
- [Apache Spark Documentation](https://spark.apache.org/documentation.html)

Referring to the original documentation will help you gain a deeper understanding of the libraries and stay updated with the latest features and best practices.

## Getting Started

To view and run these notebooks, you need to have Jupyter installed on your machine. Follow the instructions below to set up your environment.

### Prerequisites

- Python (preferably the latest version)
- Jupyter Notebook
- Numpy
- Pandas
- Apache Spark (for Spark-related notebooks)

### Installation

1. Clone this repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/bJabbari/DataScience-QuickRef
    ```
2. Navigate to the repository directory:
    ```bash
    cd DataScience-QuickRef
    ```
3. Install the required libraries:
    ```bash
    pip install numpy pandas jupyter
    ```
4. Start Jupyter Notebook:
    ```bash
    jupyter notebook
    ```
5. Open the notebook you want to explore from the Jupyter Notebook interface.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any examples or improvements, feel free to submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgements

- [Numpy](https://numpy.org/)
- [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/)
- [Apache Spark](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/)
